# ROTC-Attendance-Tracker

This program is designed to take in two spreadsheets, one containing a list of objectives numbered by LLLAB(Leadership Labratory, the weekly required training events for all ROTC cadets), and a second tracking attendance by LLAB. The program is currently hardcoded with ranges for the three different categories on cadets, but in the future this could be optomized to be a more general case. Currently, the ranges look at IMT (initial military training, most commonly freshman, in their first year of ROTC. Also called AS100s, in reference to the academic course they take, Aerospace Studies 100: Heritage and Values) first, comparing each individuals attendance record to the LLABs attended and the objectives statisfied at each, to get a complete list of both objectives accomplished and objectives missing. The process is repeated for the FTP (field training prep, typically sophmores preparing for their summer training, a big milestone on the path to becoming an Air Force Officer, also called AS200s, for their academic class Aerospace Studies 200). Finally, the program looks at the POC (professional officer course, these cadets have completed field training and are are finishing up their training before commissioning into the Air Force, POC can be AS300s, AS400s, or AS800s - AS800s do not take an academic course).

Future growth plans include making the program more generalized, and allowing for some sort of more deliverable output. May try and integrate with database for attendance tracker and front end to build out a whole ecosystem for ROTC data processing.
